README.md, before:

# Day1
## note one - ways to use md
normaly we put a "#" before words for a title , "##" before a mainpoint and "*" before a list component in a list , to put in plain words , we just create a new line and type words into it.
+ for a link we use the following format
+ [百度](https://baidu.com)
+ [materials for md usage](http://markdown.cn)
## note two - ways to use terminal in linux
* # press ctrl + alt + t to open terminal at Home of your user.
* ## cd
+ press tab to fill in automatically according to what is already typed in
mind that there's two situation when tab is pressed
	1. no conflicts occurs , fill in complished
	2. conflicts occurs , nothing happens . If tab pressed a second time , all possible dirs appears with thier names,
+ ls: show components in this dir
+ type nothing after cd goes back to ~(Home)(the same use as typing ~)
not only / means the root which can be used as a standard when getting into dirs , the ~ which means Home can also be used this way
*## mkdir
+ dirname to make this dir here
+ (-p) + dirname/dirname/dirname to make dirname/dirname/dirname here
+ dirname dirname dirname to make dirname dirname and dirname here
* ## touch
used almost the same way as mkdir
* ## gedit
+ filename to open filename using gedit
* ## man
+ codename to show the usages of the code
* # mind that the home case in the computer dir is the dir which contains the user dirs , not the Hone dir which the terminal opens with default settings when you have only one user.

Commit message:

added some ros basic konwledge

README.md, after:

# Day1
## note one - ways to use md
normaly we put a "#" before words for a title , "##" before a mainpoint and "*" before a list component in a list , to put in plain words , we just create a new line and type words into it.
+ for a link we use the following format
+ [百度](https://baidu.com)
+ [materials for md usage](http://markdown.cn)
## note two - ways to use terminal in linux
* # press ctrl + alt + t to open terminal at Home of your user.
* ## cd
+ press tab to fill in automatically according to what is already typed in
mind that there's two situation when tab is pressed
	1. no conflicts occurs , fill in complished
	2. conflicts occurs , nothing happens . If tab pressed a second time , all possible dirs appears with thier names,
+ ls: show components in this dir
+ type nothing after cd goes back to ~(Home)(the same use as typing ~)
not only / means the root which can be used as a standard when getting into dirs , the ~ which means Home can also be used this way
*## mkdir
+ dirname to make this dir here
+ (-p) + dirname/dirname/dirname to make dirname/dirname/dirname here
+ dirname dirname dirname to make dirname dirname and dirname here
* ## touch
+ used almost the same way as mkdir
* ## gedit
+ filename to open filename using gedit
* ## man
+ codename to show the usages of the code
* # mind that the home case in the computer dir is the dir which contains the user dirs , not the Hone dir which the terminal opens with default settings when you have only one user.
## note three - begining ros
+ turtle bot
+ open a terminal
+ roscore
+ open another terminal
+ rosrun turtlesim turtlesim_node
+ open another terminal again
+ rosrun turtlesim turtle_teleop_key
+ the third terminal must get focus
## note four - basic rules of ros
+ the system is separated into nodes topics and the ROS Master
+ firstly , master should be ran
+ secondly , nodes are ran and regist themselves to the Master e.g. what topic they will publish or subscribe
+ when Master find two nodes have a bond , it gives the control to the two nodes and the nodes will get each other known
+ the subscriber checkout the topic continuously
